https://codepen.io/jen-stewart/pen/6c6d5b607db82d267fadf77e68fb8df2?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Markup that is used to indicate the meaning of the element to the user and developer
    2. What is HTML used for? To markup the page, like the structure of a house.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute provides information about the element, and it goes after the element name and identifiers
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used as a main Header, and should only be used once in a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Images and links 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Specific information about the webpage, the metadata
    7. What is an id? An identifier for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any you want to use as identifiers
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once
    10. What is a class? A class is used to style specific elements the same way
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any of them.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target = ""
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? To display text if the image is not shown to the user.
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section more specifically identifies a group.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling the webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? h2 { }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one? A class targets multiple elements an id targets just one. A class is used .class and id used #id. You may use a class to style multiple paragraphs, and an id to style one specific paragraph differently.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Parent Child Selectors target the children of specific parent tags. It may be useful to color only text from a paragraph if its parent is a division.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a 
    24. What is a pseudo selector? an element that is triggered by an action, like :hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Case, upper-case, lower-case, ::first-letter.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
	div {
	border: 1px dotted black;
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? with an asterik *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?  /* , and end it with */ 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm-r folder-name. This can't be undone.
    34. Why should I use version control? so you can see what changes were made, and go back to a version of code that may be error free
    35. How often should I commit to github? As often as you have a major change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Step 1: Fork
	Step 2: Add TL as collaborator
	Step 3: Clone the repo
	Step 4: Go into GitBash and use cd to go to the directory where you are going to want to clone your forked repo
	Step 5: git clone
	Step 6. cd into the newly created repo 
	Step 7: Step 8: Use the **git checkout -b ‘firstname-lastname’
	Finally, work on repo and add commit changes, push changes, submit pull request (make sure to change it to be your forked repo, open a pull request, and add your TL to the Reviewers and then submit the pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? An inline element does not take up an entire line of space, other elements may be added right next to it. A block element takes up all the space on the line. A paragraph is inline, a division is a block.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? The elemnent will not move. It is positioned according to the users browser window.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? Relatively postion the element.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Block display - div, section, footer
	Inline- paragraph and span
	Inline-block: Button  
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? The box model is the specification for how an elemnet is laid out for the user. The box model contains all of the elements size information like padding, and margin. The fix for the box model, is to use box-sizing: border-box. That way all the measurements you give to padding, margin etc will be included in the width. You get the exact width you specify.



   --> 